{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 TAPTIVITY - TERMS OF USE\
\
Introduction\
Welcome to Taptivity. This is the first version of the application and we would like to point out that errors and small bugs are possible. We will try to respond to your suggestions as soon as possible and work as efficiently as possible to improve the application. Remember your first steps in any sport - these are our first steps and thank you for being here to support us! The Taptivity application connects people who want to do sports in society. You need to select the sport, time and location through the application, and thus create an event, which other users will be able to join. On the other hand, you can also join events created by other Taptivity users. Let's connect and play!\
\
1. Acceptance of the Terms of Use Agreement.\
By registering a Taptivity account, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use contained in this agreement. If you do not accept and agree that all provisions of this agreement apply to you, do not use the service. We may change this Agreement and our Service from time to time. We may do this for various reasons, such as to comply with changes in legal regulations or legal requirements, new features or changes in business practices. If the changes involve major changes that affect your rights or obligations, we will notify you of those changes at least 30 days in advance (unless we are prevented from doing so by applicable law) by reasonable means, which may include notice through the Service or email. omg If you continue to use the Service after the changes take effect, you agree to the revised version of this Agreement.\
\
2. Fulfillment of conditions.\
You are only allowed to create an account or access our service if the information below is correct. You may enter into a binding contract with Taptivity. You will comply with this agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations.\
\
3. Your account.\
You can sign up for Taptivity via e-mail. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the login information with which you registered with Taptivity and are solely responsible for all actions performed under that information. If you think someone has accessed your account without authorization, contact us immediately.\
\
4. Changes to services and cancellation of orders.\
Taptivity is constantly striving to improve its service and provide you with more functionality that you may find interesting and useful. This means that we may occasionally add new features or product improvements, or remove some features, and if those actions do not affect your rights or obligations, we may not notify you in advance. We may even suspend the service entirely, but in the event that this happens we will notify you in advance, unless unforeseen circumstances, such as administrative, legal-technical reasons, security or safety issues, prevent us from doing so. Taptivity may terminate your account at any time without notice if it believes you are in violation of this agreement.\
\
5. Security; your interactions with other members.\
Although Taptivity strives to create an environment where Members respect each other, Taptivity is not responsible for the conduct of any Member on or off the Service. You agree to exercise caution in all interactions with other Members, especially if you choose to communicate outside of the Service or meet in person. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other members. Taptivity does not perform security checks on members, nor does it in any other way examine the activities of members. Taptivity makes no representations or warranties regarding the behavior of or compatibility with Members.\
\
6. The rights that Taptivity gives you.\
Taptivity grants you a personal, worldwide, non-transferable, non-exclusive, irrevocable royalty-free, non-sublicensable license to access and use the Service. This license is granted to you solely for the purpose of using the service and its benefits in the manner intended by Taptivity and permitted by this agreement. This license and any permission to access the Service is automatically revoked if you do any of the following. You use the Service or any of its content for any commercial purposes without our written consent. You copy, modify, transmit, create derivative works from, use or in any way reproduce the copyrighted material, images, trademarks, trade names, service marks or other intellectual property, content or proprietary information accessible through the Service without our prior written consent. You claim or imply that Taptivity endorses your statements. You use robots, bots, spiders, crawlers, crawlers, site search/download applications, proxies or other manual or automatic device, method or procedure to access, download, index, "data mine" or in any way reproduce or you bypass the navigation structure or display of the service or its content. You use the Service in any manner that may interfere with, interrupt, or adversely affect the Service or the servers or networks connected to the Service. You upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the service. You create headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers for the purpose of concealing the origin of any information transmitted to or through the Service. You may "frame" or "mirror" any portion of the Service without Taptivity's prior written consent. You use meta tags or code or other means that contain any reference to Taptivity or our Service (or Taptivity's trademark, trade name, service mark, logo or slogan) to refer someone to another website for any purpose. You modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any part of the Service or cause others to do so. You use or develop independent applications that interact with our service or content/data of other members without our written consent. You use, access or publish the Taptivity application programming interface (API) without our written consent. You probe, scan or test the weaknesses of our Service or any system or network. You encourage or promote any activity that violates this agreement. Taptivity may investigate and take available legal action in the event of illegal or unauthorized use of the Service, including termination of your account.\
\
7. Rights You Grant to Taptivity.\
By creating an account, you grant Taptivity a worldwide, transferable, royalty-free, sublicensable right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce, adapt, edit, publish, modify and distribute all information that you post, upload, display or make available (collectively: "post") on our Service or transmit to other members (collectively: "content"). Taptivity's license for your content is non-exclusive, that is, exclusive when it comes to a derivative work created through the use of the service. For example, Taptivity would have an exclusive license to screenshot the service with your content. In addition, in order to prevent Taptivity from using your Content outside of the Service, you authorize Taptivity to act on your behalf in the event of unauthorized use of your Content downloaded from the Service by other members or third parties. Our license to your content is subject to your rights under applicable laws (for example, personal data protection laws to the extent the content includes personal data defined in those laws) and is for the limited purposes of managing, developing, providing and improving the service , as well as research and development of new services. You agree that any Content you post on the Service or allow us to post on the Service may be viewed by other Members or any person who visits or participates in the Service (for example, persons with whom Taptivity Members share Content). You confirm that all information you submit when creating an account is accurate and truthful and that you have the right to post content on the Service, and that you grant Taptivity the license described above. You understand and agree that we may monitor or review any content you post as part of the Service. We may delete content, in whole or in part, that in our judgment violates this agreement or may harm the reputation of our service. You agree to be courteous and respectful when communicating with our customer service representatives. If we determine that your behavior towards any of our customer service representatives or other employees at any time is threatening, harassing or abusive, we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account. By allowing Taptivity to use the Service, you agree that we may place advertisements on the Service. By submitting suggestions or feedback to Taptivity regarding our Service, you agree that Taptivity may use and share that feedback for any purpose without monetary compensation. Please note that Taptivity may access, store, and disclose information about your account and content if required by law, in the performance of a contract with you, or if it believes in good faith that such access, storage, or disclosure fulfills a legitimate interest, including, but not limited to, to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) executed this agreement; (iii) respond to claims that the content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your customer support requests; or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company or any other person.\
\
8. Community Rules.\
By using the service, you agree that you will not: use the service for purposes that are illegal or prohibited by this agreement; use the Service for any harmful or malicious purposes; use the Service with the intent to harm Taptivity; spam, solicit money from, or defraud members; impersonate another person or entity or post images of other persons without their permission; abuse, harass, intimidate, assault, harass, ill-treat or defame anyone; post content that violates or violates anyone's rights, including the right of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights or contractual rights; publish content that represents hate speech, threats, is sexually explicit or pornographic; post content that incites violence or contains nudity or explicit/unnecessary violence; post content that promotes racism, bigotry or hatred against any group or individual, or physically attack them; request the password of other members for any purpose or their personal information that can identify them for commercial or illegal purposes, nor disclose the personal information of another person without their permission; use another member's account, share an account with another member or have more than one account; create a new account if we have already terminated your account, unless you have our approval to do so. Taptivity reserves the right to investigate and/or terminate your account if you violate this agreement, abuse the Service, or behave in a manner that Taptivity deems inappropriate or illegal, including actions or communications that occur on or off the Service.\
\
9. Content of other articles.\
Although Taptivity reserves the right to review and remove content that violates this agreement, such content is the sole responsibility of the posting member and Taptivity cannot guarantee that all content will comply with this agreement. If you come across content on the Services that violates this Agreement, please report it.\
\
10. Disclaimer.\
Taptivity provides the Service "as is", "as available" and to the extent permitted by applicable law, makes no warranties, whether express, implied, implied or otherwise, with respect to the Service (including all content on it), including, among among other things, all implied warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Taptivity does not represent or warrant that (a) the Service will operate uninterrupted, secure or error-free, (b) that defects or errors in the Service will be corrected, or (c) that the content or information obtained by you on or through the Service will be accurate. Taptivity is not responsible for the content that you, another member or third party posts, sends or receives through the service. you access all materials that you download or otherwise obtain through the service at your own risk and responsibility.\
\
11. Third Party Services.\
The Service may contain advertisements and promotions from third parties, as well as links to other websites or resources. Taptivity is not responsible for the availability (or unavailability) of those external websites or resources. If you choose to interact with third parties enabled through our service, your interaction with them will be subject to the terms of that third party. Taptivity is not responsible for the terms and practices of third parties.\
\
12. Limitation of Liability.\
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Taptivity and its affiliated entities, employees, licensors and service providers be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special, punitive or aggravated damages, including without limitation , loss of profits, whether direct or indirect, or any loss of data, use, reputation and other intangible losses resulting from: (i) your access to or use of the Services or inability to access or use the Services; (ii) the conduct or content of other members or third parties on the Service, through the Service or after using the Service; or (iii) unauthorized access to, use of, or modification of Your Content.\
\
13. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution\
These terms of use are regulated by the laws of the Republic of Serbia. Any legal action, lawsuit or other legal proceeding, which is initiated to resolve any issue arising within the scope of the Service defined in this contract or in connection with it, shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the competent court in Belgrade, Serbia.\
\
14. Contact us\
For all additional questions and comments you have regarding the Rights and Terms of use of our Service, defined in this contract, please contact us via the e-mail address sportup.rs@gmail.com You agree, to the extent permitted by applicable regulations , that you will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Taptivity from any claims, demands, suits, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses, including court and attorney fees, arising out of your access to or use of the Service, your Content or your violations of this agreement, arising out of or related to them.\
\
15. Other.\
You agree that your Taptivity account is non-transferable and that all of your rights to the account and its content terminate upon your death. This agreement does not create any agency, partnership, fiduciary or any other special relationship or employment, and you may not make any claims on behalf of Taptivity or bind Taptivity in any way.}